look at the machine oh jeez stop Judah
yeah when I got so did devon alexander
afternoon everyone what I'm gonna get up
that's a short time and more thermal
don't know what I would avoid this
habitable I want think I want to thank
Showtime for another opportunity
Voldemort emotions and also Mariano
Watson when I told my people people are
here more than 100 to be here as you
depend on their want to thank my team
also want to thank Jim Garcia for this
opportunity while we move what am I
prefer ave not even a muchas about what
I like caramel yes yet up I'm very well
aware and I just want to take let you
know I'm writing and I want to thank
everybody we're ready going well Danny
sweet
why wouldn't they got already know if
they go to boy dential time to give me
another opportunity and I you know how
to greet came straight very hard I'm
ready to hear this fight I did
everything I had to do I left everything
in the gym and come Saturday Dec and I
have a epic performance you know sorry
about your chip to fight I'm starting to
feel like a young lad right then so I'm
only 25 years old but you know I'm a lot
smarter with right now a lot of tough
fight we cannot be counted out a lot of
times but always find a way to win in
our Saturday night it's only about 11
performance by me solution guys come out
get there early and into a grand in fact
sure
lovely
anything
Oh
you